hi Dave from follow up water Fowler's
today we're going to talk to you about
building a blind I'm gonna do is build a
blind that can use in the field or use
on ponds or the shore of the river I'm
gonna make it so it's lightweight and
portable that I can stick it in my
hunker hauler decoy trailer be able to
pull it out carry it a couple hundred
yards as far as I need to and set it up
and keep as low profile as I can and
keep it well cam out I'm making with
wood frame seven foot long four feet
high although they'll come in as an
a-frame so the the actual height of it
will be less than four feet will be
closer about 3 feet 3 inches somewhere
in there so let me get to it and show
you what I got going on the supplies
cost some twenty four bucks not
including the netting and then I had
that some stuff around the garage I'm
going to use to help me with this
project some raffia grass and some spray
paint four inches tall go ahead and
start putting it together put screws in
to tie it in I like my new my camouflage
have the lightest colors closest to the
surface and the darkest Club colors
closest to the core so we'll be doing
right we're on to the next phase here I
have the frame behind me it's painted
and now I'm going to cover it with some
camouflage netting it's the stuff I'm
using I really really like it's
lightweight tear resistant it's in duck
blind camo has a mud brown back a duck
blind camel on the front it's a leaf cut
so it has a lot
I'm gonna pull it out onto my frame and
staple it down
I want it pretty tight it is you know
it's cut so that you can see through it
which is what I want after I have that
on there then I'm gonna lay down some
raffia grass on top of it as I can
staple it keep it very taut this nanny
really well when putting these staples
in I like to put something straight some
sideways some straight some sideways so
that there's not a consistent tear point
for this okay now what I want to do is
show you how I put these braces on I
used a carriage bolt and they just swing
out and allow it to set there's two on
each side let me let me show you what
they look like a bangle keep myself
really low or I can bring it up this is
the backside of the a-frame blowing down
building this side here has some raffia
grass on it again about less than half a
pound maybe a third of a pound
grass put on here typically when you buy
Rafi grass you're buying it two pound
compressed bundles that's what I sell it
in so this is what about a third of a
one-pound looks like died there's four
colors on here natural a deep brown
almost a purple a tan light tan and
green all those you just the four colors
mix it in because when I get to the
field I'm gonna hunt I will grab other
debris throw it up onto the netting the
raff you will help it stick in there and
the colors I got in here now really will
accent the colors that are in the field
so it really does help it blend in quite
well I do the same thing on my coffin
blinds it starts to one take a moment
let you see what it looks like inside
the file the waterfall is a frame
portable blind another thing I really
like is this here gun stand this is from
a friend off of Twitter PRT products
we're gonna be selling them on fouled up
comm in the next week or so so why don't
you check them out they're 24 bucks hold
your gun up out of the mud keeps the
barrel clean keeps a barrel point in a
safe direction you don't have to wrestle
around looking for the gun or waiting
for it to slip off the side of the blind
it makes it easy to pick it up put your
shoulder I hope this had some value to
you hope it gives you some ideas on
blinds you can make and get yourself a
better hide for this upcoming fall I'm
sure I'm gonna be able to shoot some
doves and some ducks out of the prairie
pothole region North Dakota this fall
and I hope I look over and see you so
check out Foley's comm be good be safe
and have a great hunting season
look at you sitting there all by Oh sir